Add JS Analytics SDK 0.3.0 Blog Post (#1317)
snowplow/snowplowanalytics.com: _posts/2020-01-28-snowplow-js-analytics-sdk-0.3.0-released/index.md

---
layout: post
title: "Snowplow JS Analytics SDK 0.3.0 released"
title-short: Snowplow JS Analytics SDK 0.3.0
tags: [snowplow, javascript, typescript, analytics, lambda, sdk, tracker]
author: Paul
category: Releases
permalink: /blog/2020/01/28/snowplow-js-analytics-sdk-0.3.0-released/
discourse: false
---

> We are pleased to announce a new release of the [Snowplow Javascript and Typescript Analytics SDK][js-analytics-sdk]. [Version 0.3.0][0.3.0-tag] brings some major improvements to the build process, support for ECMAScript Modules and a couple of bugfixes!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are pleased to announce a new release of the [Snowplow Javascript and Typescript Analytics SDK][js-analytics-sdk]. [Version 0.3.0][0.3.0-tag] brings some major improvements to the build process, support for ECMAScript Modules and a couple of bug fixes!
```
